So let's go ahead and keep moving forward.
So we just finished, finally, setting up
all of our access keys and everything.
So that's great.
We're ready now to fully get started.
And the first thing we're gonna do
is we're gonna start by creating our
Terraform Cloud Automation.
When we look back at our chart,
nope, this one, right?
The first workspace that we talk about
working with is Terraform, right?
Because we wanna automate Terraform first.
So this is the first repository
that we're going to create.
Now, you might be like, hey Eric,
why are we creating a repository if we
want to create Terraform automation?
Welcome to my world of the chicken
before the egg scenario.
So, a lot of the times
with infrastructure,
you'll find yourself having to create
something before you can manage it, right?
And that might seem like, duh.
But what I actually mean by that is,
is sometimes you might have to manually
create something and then import it into
state so that you can set it up properly.
Because, again, something has to create
the thing to create the thing, right?
And so in this case, we create the thing
so the thing can create the things, right?
And so we want to create a new repository.
So we're actually gonna go to GitHub.
Alright, so we're gonna go to GitHub.
And we're gonna go to our account.
So in the top right hand corner,
just click on your profile
And then, click on repositories,
and then here,
click new repository,
New, bam right there.
So we're gonna create a new manage
Terraform Cloud repository.
So we're gonna call it
fem-eci-terraform-tfe.
Let me zoom in a little bit for you guys.
Come on now.
So that's the name we want to make.
You can give it a description
if you want or not.
It's totally up to you.
The main point is,
is that this must be done first, again,
chicken before the egg scenario.
Another reason why we're doing this
is we're doing it to create state
in Terraform Cloud as well.
Right, Terraform Cloud
is our remote provider.
So we have to actually create automation
and run it against Terraform Cloud.
So there's two reasons why we have
to create this repo first, right?
We're gonna work on the main branch for
now, but in the future, as I mentioned,
we will have PRs and things like that.
The next thing you wanna do
is you wanna click private.
So I would make this private for now.
If you want to make it public, you can,
but I would just say private for now.
I would also say Add README.
If you notice when I click Add README, do
you see what happens at the bottom there?
So this is kind of nice.
Which is if you add a readme or a
gitignore template or anything like that,
it will also initialize your
default branch for you.
So you don't wanna have to worry about
cloning something and then first commits,
essentially.
This is a nice way of getting around it.
And what we're gonna do is we
are actually going to add a gitignore.
We're gonna add one for Terraform, right?
Cuz there's probably a bunch
of things that it generates.
We don't wanna have to worry
about stuff like that.
And then we're gonna
click Create Repository.
Okay, bam.
Now you should have your name,
then fem-eci-terraform-tfe.
Now, one of the things you
can do is you can go to
wherever you clone your code, right?
So go to your terminal and
then find a place to put your code, right?
For me, I have a really strict way of
doing things because I work with so
many repositories, and
I'll show you my structure now.
So I have a development folder in
the main route of my home directory.
This is where all of my dev code goes.
No other part of my system besides things
like these dot files and whatnot go.
So all my code goes into
the home development directory.
And it took me a long time to kind of
figure out how I wanted to organize things
from there, because I'm a kind of person
who likes to work in different languages.
I'm the kind of person who likes to
work with a lot of repositories and
I'm also the kind of person that just
likes to write really random scripts every
now and then.
So this is the next layer for me is, do I
wanna work in a language and mess around?
Do I wanna write a script or do I
wanna actually work with a repository?
For me, it's a repository, so
I'm gonna go to the next thing.
Now, I also have in the past, worked with
other systems, so like azure.devops.com
would be another one in here if your
repositories were say, in Azure.
So if you were to say, hey Eric,
how do you separate repos from provider to
provider and know where they are and
know which provider it was before?
This is how I do it.
So that, for example, if we go in GitHub
then you'll see another layer, right?
This layer,
can anyone guess what this layer is?
>> User.
>> User, yeah, user exactly, yeah.
Organization or user.
And so in this case, we've got ALT-F4,
and then we've got my personal one.
So for me, my clone path is this.
You don't have to do this.
Like I said, I'm a bit of
an overachiever so it's up to you.
You don't really need to but this really
has helped me a lot with managing my
repositories across many different places.
So what I'm going to do and
there's two things you can do.
You can do git clone and
then actually, we'll do git clone.
And then we'll go here, click this, and
then click this little button
right here to copy your code.
That's the first thing you can do.
Do that should get your code, okay?
However, and this is something
that I've been messing with more.
You can also use GitHub CLI.
Now, this was something that I
did include in the install, but
it's up to you if you wanna use it or not.
It's totally up to you.
If you do use GitHub CLI,
you might have to authenticate.
So you would do gh auth, and
then you would do login, right?
And it's gonna ask you, well,
where do you wanna log in, right?
You tell Github.com.
I'm already logged in.
So it just says you're good.
I'll hit yes.
Now, which do you prefer your protocol for
your Git operations.
I actually don't prefer HTTPS.
I'd much rather use SSH because I'd
rather use the key that's on my system.
And so I hit SSH and then bam,
that's where it actually asks me, okay,
cool, what key do you want to use, right?
So I hit enter and
then get a title for your SSH key.
Now, it's actually asking me if
I want to upload my key, right?
So I've already done that.
So I don't have to go
through this process.
But if I wanted to,
I could then upload my key and do it.
So if you want you can use
GitHub host through this,
GitHub CLI through this sign in and
use this or you can use the clone action.
We're really not gonna be using any of
the CLI except for like creating PRs and
stuff like that.
So let me let me cancel out
of this really quickly.
Let me go one more time.
So get GH off login here.
Yes, I wanna re authenticate SSH,
skip, right?
And then I wanna log in with browser.
So here's my one time code.
I should then be, Where
did sorry,
have to answer [LAUGH] There we go.
So I paste in my code.
I hit Continue, and then asks me,
what do I want access to.
I click Authorize github.
Congratulations, you're all set.
Now, I'm logged in as myself, and what's
nice is now I can just do repo clone.
A little easier, right?
A little nicer.
So it's up to you.
You're welcome to use
the normal Git operations,
or you can use the GitHub CLI.
I personally like to use the GitHub,CLI,
so
I'm gonna be using that but
I can do it in either way.